https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=acfjWDAAAAAJ
Total Citations = 1630

1. Understanding media enjoyment: The role of transportation into narrative worlds
Citations:1109
Authors: MC Green, TC Brock, GF Kaufman
Publication: Communication Theory 14 (4), 311-327

2. Changing beliefs and behavior through experience-taking.
Citations:248
Authors: GF Kaufman, LK Libby
Publication: Journal of personality and social psychology 103 (1), 1

3. A psychologically “embedded” approach to designing games for prosocial causes
Citations:35
Authors: G Kaufman, M Flanagan
Publication: Cyberpsychology: Journal of Psychosocial Research on Cyberspace 9 (3)

4. Using narratives to raise awareness of stereotype threat in STEM
Citations:34
Authors: MC Green, G Kaufman, KS Fitzgerald, G Freeman, M Flanagan
Publication: Unpublished manuscript, University at Buffalo.[MCG]

5. High-low split: Divergent cognitive construal levels triggered by digital and non-digital platforms
Citations:27
Authors: G Kaufman, M Flanagan
Publication: Proceedings of the 2016 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems …

6. Creating Stealth Game Interventions for Attitude and Behavior Change: An" Embedded Design" Model.
Citations:20
Authors: GF Kaufman, M Flanagan, M Seidman
Publication: DiGRA Conference

7. Integrating Curiosity and Uncertainty in Game Design.
Citations:18
Authors: A To, S Ali, GF Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: DiGRA/FDG

8. Citizen Archivists at Play: Game Design for Gathering Metadata for Cultural Heritage Institutions.
Citations:17
Authors: M Flanagan, S Punjasthitkul, M Seidman, GF Kaufman, P Carini
Publication: DiGRA Conference, 1-13

9. A pilot study of doxorubicin encapsulated in long-circulating (stealth) liposomes (SDOX) in cancer patients
Citations:16
Authors: A Gabizon, R Catane, B Uziely, G Kaufman, T Safra, Y Barenholz, ...
Publication: Proc Am Soc Clin Oncol 11, 124

10. " By the People, For the People": Assessing the Value of Crowdsourced, User-Generated Metadata.
Citations:14
Authors: C Manzo, G Kaufman, S Punjasthitkul, M Flanagan
Publication: DHQ: Digital Humanities Quarterly 9 (1)

11. Investigating the impact of'emphasis frames' and social loafing on player motivation and performance in a crowdsourcing game
Citations:11
Authors: G Kaufman, M Flanagan, S Punjasthitkul
Publication: Proceedings of the 2016 CHI conference on human factors in computing systems …

12. Down the rabbit hole: Exploring the antecedents and consequences of identification with fictional characters
Citations:9
Authors: GF Kaufman
Publication: The Ohio State University

13. Lost in translation: Comparing the impact of an analog and digital version of a public health game on players’ perceptions, attitudes, and cognitions
Citations:8
Authors: GF Kaufman, M Flanagan
Publication: International Journal of Gaming and Computer-Mediated Simulations (IJGCMS) 5 …

14. Supporting social interactions with an expressive heart rate sharing application
Citations:7
Authors: F Liu, L Dabbish, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous …

15. Playing the System: Comparing the Efficacy and Impact of Digital and Non-Digital Versions of a Collaborative Strategy Game.
Citations:6
Authors: GF Kaufman, M Flanagan, J Belman
Publication: DiGRA/FDG

16. Moderator engagement and community development in the age of algorithms
Citations:5
Authors: J Seering, T Wang, J Yoon, G Kaufman
Publication: New Media & Society, 1461444818821316

17. Can biosignals be expressive?: How visualizations affect impression formation from shared brain activity
Citations:5
Authors: F Liu, L Dabbish, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction 1 (CSCW), 71

18. Self-esteem and public self-consciousness moderate the emotional impact of expressive writing about experiences with bias
Citations:5
Authors: MC Green, G Kaufman, M Flanagan, K Fitzgerald
Publication: Personality and Individual Differences 116, 212-215

19. Shifting Implicit Biases with Games Using Psychology
Citations:5
Authors: M Flanagan, G Kaufman
Publication: Diversifying Barbie and Mortal Kombat, 219

20. " At Least the Pizzas You Make Are Hot": Norms, Values, and Abrasive Humor on the Subreddit r/RoastMe
Citations:4
Authors: A Kasunic, G Kaufman
Publication: Twelfth International AAAI Conference on Web and Social Media

21. Learning and Role-Playing Games
Citations:3
Authors: J Hammer, A To, K Schrier, SL Bowman, G Kaufman
Publication: Role-Playing Game Studies, 283-299

22. Failed Games: Lessons Learned from Promising but Problematic Game Prototypes in Designing for Diversity.
Citations:3
Authors: M Seidman, M Flanagan, GF Kaufman
Publication: DiGRA Conference

23. Beyond Dyadic Interactions: Considering Chatbots as Community Members
Citations:2
Authors: J Seering, M Luria, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems …

24. Modeling and Designing for Key Elements of Curiosity: Risking Failure, Valuing Questions
Citations:2
Authors: A To, J Holmes, E Fath, E Zhang, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Transactions of the Digital Games Research Association 4 (2)

25. Applications of Social Identity Theory to Research and Design in Computer-Supported Cooperative Work
Citations:2
Authors: J Seering, F Ng, Z Yao, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the ACM on Human-Computer Interaction 2 (CSCW), 201

26. The Effect of Gender on Attributions for Women’s Anxiety and Doubt in a Science Narrative
Citations:2
Authors: G Freedman, MC Green, M Flanagan, K Fitzgerald, G Kaufman
Publication: Psychology of Women Quarterly 42 (2), 178-191

27. Modeling and Designing for Key Elements of Curiosity: Risking Failure, Valuing Questions
Citations:2
Authors: A To, J Holmes, E Fath, E Zhang, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Proceedings of DiGRA

28. Treehouse Dreams: A Game-Based Method for Eliciting Interview Data from Children
Citations:2
Authors: A To, A Fan, C Kildunne, E Zhang, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Proceedings of the 2016 Annual Symposium on Computer-Human Interaction in …

29. Tandem Transformational Game Design: A Game Design Process Case Study
Citations:2
Authors: A To, E Fath, E Zhang, S Ali, C Kildunne, A Fan, J Hammer, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the International Academic Conference on Meaningful Play

30. “RePlay Health”: An Experiential Role-Playing Sport for Modeling Healthcare Decisions, Policies, and Outcomes
Citations:2
Authors: G Kaufman, M Flanagan, M Seidman, S Wien
Publication: Games for health journal 4 (4), 295-304

31. Crowd Work on a CV? Understanding How AMT Fits into Turkers' Career Goals and Professional Profiles
Citations:1
Authors: A Kasunic, CW Chiang, G Kaufman, S Savage
Publication: arXiv preprint arXiv:1902.05361

32. The impact of an “aha” moment on gender biases: Limited evidence for the efficacy of a game intervention that challenges gender assumptions
Citations:1
Authors: G Freedman, M Seidman, M Flanagan, G Kaufman, MC Green
Publication: Journal of Experimental Social Psychology 78, 162-167

33. Learning to Listen: Critically Considering the Role of AI in Human Storytelling and Character Creation
Citations:1
Authors: A Kasunic, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the First Workshop on Storytelling, 1-13

34. Updating a classic: A new generation of vignette experiments involving iterative decision making
Citations:1
Authors: G Freedman, M Seidman, M Flanagan, MC Green, G Kaufman
Publication: Advances in Methods and Practices in Psychological Science 1 (1), 43-59

35. Be Me or Be Mii?: A Study of Self-Presentation and Interaction in the Miitomo Mobile Application
Citations:1
Authors: A Kasunic, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the 2017 CHI conference on human factors in computing systems …

36. Turker Tales: Integrating Tangential Play into Crowd Work
Citations:
Authors: A Kasunic, CW Chiang, G Kaufman, S Savage
Publication: Proceedings of the 2019 on Designing Interactive Systems Conference, 21-34

37. A Good Scare: Leveraging Game Theming and Narrative to Impact Player Experience
Citations:
Authors: JR Holmes, A To, F Zhang, SE Park, S Ali, Z Bai, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Extended Abstracts of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing …

38. Designing User Interface Elements to Improve the Quality and Civility of Discourse in Online Commenting Behaviors
Citations:
Authors: J Seering, T Fang, L Damasco, MC Chen, L Sun, G Kaufman
Publication: Proceedings of the 2019 CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems …

39. Animo: Sharing Biosignals on a Smartwatch for Lightweight Social Connection
Citations:
Authors: F Liu, M Esparza, M Pavlovskaia, G Kaufman, L Dabbish, ...
Publication: Proceedings of the ACM on Interactive, Mobile, Wearable and Ubiquitous …

40. Obituaries can popularize science and health: Stephen Hawking and interest in cosmology and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.
Citations:
Authors: G Freedman, MC Green, M Flanagan, G Kaufman
Publication: Psychology of Popular Media Culture

41. Character Diversity in Digital and Non-Digital Games
Citations:
Authors: A To, J McDonald, J Holmes, G Kaufman, J Hammer
Publication: Transactions of the Digital Games Research Association 4 (1)

42. Digital Divide: Comparing the Impact of Digital and Non-Digital Platforms on Player Behaviors and Game Impact
Citations:
Authors: G Kaufman, M Flanagan
Publication: Transforming Gaming and Computer Simulation Technologies across Industries …

