https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=FvRFQZ8AAAAJ
Total Citations = 1047

1. The influence of categories on perception: Explaining the perceptual magnet effect as optimal statistical inference
Citations:225
Authors: NH Feldman, TL Griffiths, JL Morgan
Publication: Psychological Review 116 (4), 752-782

2. Exemplar models as a mechanism for performing Bayesian inference
Citations:146
Authors: L Shi, TL Griffiths, NH Feldman, AN Sanborn
Publication: Psychonomic Bulletin & Review 17 (4), 443-464

3. A role for the developing lexicon in phonetic category acquisition
Citations:109
Authors: NH Feldman, TL Griffiths, S Goldwater, JL Morgan
Publication: Psychological Review 120 (4), 751-778

4. Learning phonetic categories by learning a lexicon
Citations:99
Authors: NH Feldman, TL Griffiths, JL Morgan
Publication: Proceedings of the 31st Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

5. Word-level information influences phonetic learning in adults and infants
Citations:82
Authors: NH Feldman, EB Myers, KS White, TL Griffiths, JL Morgan
Publication: Cognition 127 (3), 427-438

6. A summary of the 2012 JHU CLSP workshop on zero resource speech technologies and models of early language acquisition
Citations:77
Authors: A Jansen, E Dupoux, S Goldwater, M Johnson, S Khudanpur, K Church, ...
Publication: Proceedings of ICASSP 2013

7. Performing Bayesian inference with exemplar models
Citations:36
Authors: L Shi, NH Feldman, TL Griffiths
Publication: Proceedings of the 30th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

8. A joint learning model of word segmentation, lexical acquisition, and phonetic variability
Citations:33
Authors: M Elsner, S Goldwater, NH Feldman, F Wood
Publication: Proceedings of the 2013 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language …

9. A rational account of the perceptual magnet effect
Citations:29
Authors: NH Feldman, TL Griffiths
Publication: Proceedings of the 29th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

10. Infant-directed speech Is consistent with teaching
Citations:26
Authors: BS Eaves Jr, NH Feldman, TL Griffiths, P Shafto
Publication: Psychological Review

11. The learner as statistician: three principles of computational success in language acquisition
Citations:18
Authors: M Soderstrom, E Conwell, N Feldman, J Morgan
Publication: Developmental Science 12 (3), 409-411

12. Learners use word-level statistics in phonetic category acquisition
Citations:16
Authors: N Feldman, E Myers, K White, T Griffiths, JL Morgan
Publication: Proceedings of the 35th Boston University Conference on Language Development …

13. A unified model of categorical effects in consonant and vowel perception
Citations:14
Authors: Y Kronrod, E Coppess, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

14. Weak semantic context helps phonetic learning in a model of infant language acquisition
Citations:13
Authors: S Frank, NH Feldman, S Goldwater
Publication: Proceedings of the 52nd Annual Meeting of the Association of Computational …

15. A unified account of categorical effects in phonetic perception
Citations:12
Authors: Y Kronrod, E Coppess, NH Feldman
Publication: Psychonomic Bulletin & Review 23 (6), 1681-1712

16. Modeling N400 amplitude using vector space models of word representation
Citations:11
Authors: A Ettinger, NH Feldman, P Resnik, C Phillips
Publication: Proceedings of the 38th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

17. Modeling statistical insensitivity: Sources of suboptimal behavior
Citations:10
Authors: A Gagliardi, NH Feldman, J Lidz
Publication: Cognitive Science 41 (1), 188-217

18. Why discourse affects speakers' choice of referring expressions
Citations:10
Authors: N Orita, E Vornov, NH Feldman, H Daumé III
Publication: Proceedings of the 53rd Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational …

19. When suboptimal behavior is optimal and why: Modeling the acquisition of noun classes in Tsez
Citations:10
Authors: A Gagliardi, NH Feldman, J Lidz
Publication: Proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

20. Modeling phonetic category learning from natural acoustic data
Citations:9
Authors: S Antetomaso, K Miyazawa, N Feldman, M Elsner, K Hitczenko, R Mazuka
Publication: Proceedings of the 41st Boston University Conference on Language Development

21. Towards machines that know when they do not know: Summary of work done at 2014 Frederick Jelinek Memorial Workshop
Citations:8
Authors: H Hermansky, L Burget, J Cohen, E Dupoux, N Feldman, J Godfrey, ...
Publication: IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing …

22. Children’s inferences in generalizing novel nouns and adjectives
Citations:8
Authors: A Gagliardi, E Bennett, J Lidz, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the 34th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society …

23. Establishing new mappings between familiar phones: Neural and behavioral evidence for early automatic processing of nonnative contrasts
Citations:7
Authors: SL Barrios, AM Namyst, EF Lau, NH Feldman, WJ Idsardi
Publication: Frontiers in Psychology 7, 995

24. Discovering pronoun categories using discourse information
Citations:7
Authors: N Orita, R McKeown, NH Feldman, J Lidz, J Boyd-Graber
Publication: Proceedings of the 35th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

25. A framework for evaluating speech representations
Citations:5
Authors: C Richter, NH Feldman, H Salgado, A Jansen
Publication: Proceedings of the 38th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

26. Neural network vs. HMM speech recognition systems as models of human cross-linguistic phonetic perception
Citations:4
Authors: T Schatz, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the Conference on Cognitive Computational Neuroscience

27. Learning an input filter for argument structure acquisition
Citations:4
Authors: L Perkins, NH Feldman, J Lidz
Publication: Proceedings of the 7th Workshop on Cognitive Modeling and Computational …

28. Joint word segmentation and phonetic category induction
Citations:3
Authors: M Elsner, S Antetomaso, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the 54th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational …

29. Quantifying the role of discourse topicality in speakers’ choices of referring expressions
Citations:3
Authors: N Orita, E Vornov, NH Feldman, J Boyd-Graber
Publication: Proceedings of the 2014 ACL Workshop on Cognitive Modeling and Computational …

30. Learning and overgeneralization patterns in a connectionist model of the German plural
Citations:3
Authors: N Feldman
Publication: MA thesis, Vienna University

31. Evaluating low-level speech features against human perceptual data
Citations:2
Authors: C Richter, NH Feldman, H Salgado, A Jansen
Publication: Transactions of the Association for Computational Linguistics 5, 425-440

32. A new efficient measure for accuracy prediction and its application to multistream-based unsupervised adaptation
Citations:2
Authors: T Ogawa, H Mallidi, E Dupoux, J Cohen, N Feldman, H Hermansky
Publication: Proceedings of the 23rd International Conference on Pattern Recognition

33. Interactions between word and speech sound categorization in language acquisition
Citations:2
Authors: N Feldman
Publication: Unpublished doctoral dissertation, Brown University

34. Early phonetic learning without phonetic categories--Insights from machine learning
Citations:1
Authors: T Schatz, N Feldman, S Goldwater, XN Cao, E Dupoux
Publication: PsyArXiv

35. How to use context to disambiguate overlapping categories: The test case of Japanese vowel length
Citations:1
Authors: K Hitczenko, R Mazuka, M Elsner, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the 40th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

36. Young infants' discrimination of subtle phonetic contrasts.
Citations:1
Authors: M Sundara, C Ngon, K Skoruppa, NH Feldman, GM Onario, JL Morgan, ...
Publication: Cognition 178, 57-66

37. What defines a category? Evidence that listeners’ perception is governed by generalizations
Citations:1
Authors: RR Richardson, NH Feldman, W Idsardi
Publication: Proceedings of the 37th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

38. A quantitative model of the language familiarity effect in infancy
Citations:
Authors: CA Thorburn, NH Feldman, T Schatz
Publication: Proceedings of the Conference on Cognitive Computational Neuroscience

39. Modeling adaptation to a novel accent
Citations:
Authors: K Hitczenko, NH Feldman
Publication: Proceedings of the 38th Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science Society

40. How to use context for phonetic learning and perception
Citations:
Authors: K Hitczenko, R Mazuka, M Elsner, NH Feldman
Publication: 

